##### About the form components and handling form authentication

<p>The forms the application uses have been implemented in `/src/features/forms/`. The authentication and authorization pages, or "login" and "register" pages use ProfileForm components that takes submit event handler and "fields" as arguments to construct the forms for the pages. "Fields" is an object that takes in html like attributes in nested order, these are used to provide the necessary information for constructing the pages and providing some of the validation. As an example, "inputs" is used as a key for accessing the input attributes that is provided as an object of key-value pairs with html attributes. The ProfileForm component also provides labels and warnings if they're specified in the fields arguments. These pages also use AuthOverlay component for providing an overlay for the forms. The authentication for the forms is handled through `handleForm` function that takes in collection of HTML form control elements as an input and parses it through using `Array.from` and `filter` methods and then matching inputs based on node names, it also transforms the collection into list of key-value pairs using `Object.fromEntries` method for the api. ProfileForm component is also used for the Profile Dashboard pages.</p>

<p>TestForm component is implemented through same idea except that it parses through a list of keys that it uses to match the components it provides and takes in more arguments. These features are used for constructing the the Admin Dashboard and Checkout forms.</p>

<p>The MultipleSelectForm component in `/src/features/forms/testform.tsx`, as it uses select element's DOM attributes to construct a "multiple selection" component that let's you choose multiple options and constructs its own internal state. This differs from just having "multiple" attribute set to true in select elemnt in html as this requires the user to hold control or command to select multiple values. This component lets user select and unselect with left click and communicates this to the user by changing the color of the selected option.</p>

<p>These form components are more of a fun exercise rather than something serious.</p>
